RHDEVDOCS-6025: Argo Rollouts architecture content (#76798)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-argo-rollouts-architecture-overview.adoc

* *Kubernetes job metrics*: Argo Rollouts support the Kubernetes `Job` resource to run analysis on resource metrics. You can verify a successful deployment of an application based on the successful run of Kubernetes jobs.

[id="gitops-argo-rollouts-components_{context}"]
== Argo Rollouts components

Argo Rollouts consists of several components that enable users to practice progressive delivery in {OCP}.

.Argo Rollouts components
[options="header"]
|===
|Name |Description
|Argo Rollouts controller |The Argo Rollouts Controller is an alternative to the standard `Deployment` resource and coexists alongside it. This controller only responds to changes in the Argo Rollouts resources and manages the `Rollout` CR. The Argo Rollouts Controller does not modify standard deployment resources
|AnalysisRun controller |The AnalysisRun controller manages and performs analysis for `AnalysisRun` and `AnalysisTemplate` CRs. It connects a rollout to the metrics provider and defines thresholds for metrics that determine if a deployment update is successful for your application.

> |`Experiment controller` | The `Experiment` controller runs analysis on short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` custom resource. The controller can also be integrated with `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Experiment controller` | The `Experiment` controller runs analysis on short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` custom resource. The controller can also be integrated with `Rollout` resource by specifying the `Experiment` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if needs to be capitalized but wanted to point it out just in case.

Author: Fixed. Yeah, this should be capitalized. Nice catch.

> |`Experiment controller` | The `Experiment` controller runs analysis on short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` custom resource. The controller can also be integrated with `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Experiment controller` | The `Experiment` controller runs analysis on short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` custom resource. The controller can also be integrated with the `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field.
```

Author: Fixed.

* Route percentage-based traffic for canary deployments.
* Forward incoming user traffic by using `Service` and `Ingress` resources to the correct application version. 
* Use multiple mechanisms to collect analysis metrics to validate the deployment of a new version of an application.

.Argo Rollouts resources
[options="header"]
|===
|Name |Description
|`Rollout` |This CR enables the deployment of applications by using canary or blue-green deployment strategies. It replaces the in-built Kubernetes `Deployment` resource.
|`AnalysisRun` |This CR is used to perform an analysis and aggregate the results of analysis to guide the user toward the successful deployment delivery of an application. The `AnalysisRun` CR is an instance of the `AnalysisTemplate` CR.
|`AnalysisTemplate` |The `AnalysisTemplate` CR is a template file that provides instructions on how to query metrics. The result of these instructions is attached to a rollout in the form of the `AnalysisRun` CR. The `AnalysisTemplate` CR can be defined globally on the cluster or on a specific rollout. You can link a list of `AnalysisTemplate` to be used on replica sets by creating an `Experiment` custom resource.

> |`Experiment` |The `Experiment` CR is used to run short-lived analysis on an application during its deployment to ensure the application is deployed correctly. The `Experiment` CR can be used independently or run as part of `Rollout` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Experiment` |The `Experiment` CR is used to run short-lived analysis on an application during its deployment to ensure the application is deployed correctly. The `Experiment` CR can be used independently or run as part of the `Rollout` CR.
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="gitops-argo-rollouts-architecture-overview_{context}"]
= Argo Rollouts architecture overview

Argo Rollouts support is enabled on a cluster by installing the {gitops-title} Operator and configuring a `RolloutManager` custom resource (CR) instance.

> The {gitops-title} Operator installs Argo Rollouts into a namespace that contains the `RolloutManager` CR. This step includes the installation of the Argo Rollouts controller and the resources required for handling Argo Rollouts, such as CRs, roles, role bindings, and configuration data.

Author: Fixed.

The Argo Rollouts controller can be installed in two different modes:

* *Cluster-scoped mode* (default): The controller oversees resources throughout all namespaces within the cluster.

> * *Namespace-scoped mode*: The controller monitors resources within the namespace where Rollouts is deployed.

Author: Fixed.

> The architecture of Argo Rollouts is structured into resources and components in this overview. The components are used in managing the resources. For example, the `AnalysisRun` controller, which is used to perform analysis for an `AnalysisRun` resource, manages the `AnalysisRun` custom resource. Similarly, the `Rollouts` controller is used for managing the `Rollouts` CR and the `Experiment` controller handles the `Experiment` CR.

Author: Fixed.

[id="gitops-argo-rollouts-components_{context}"]
== Argo Rollouts components

Argo Rollouts consists of several components that enable users to practice progressive delivery in {OCP}.

.Argo Rollouts components
[options="header"]
|===
|Name | Description

> |Argo Rollouts controller |The Argo Rollouts Controller is an alternative to the standard deployment resource, and coexists the deployment resource. The Argo Rollouts controller only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources and manages the `Rollout` CR. The Argo Rollouts Controller does not modify the standard deployment resources and only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources.

Author: Fixed.

|AnalysisRun controller |The AnalysisRun controller manages and performs analysis for an `AnalysisRun` CR. It connects a rollout to the metrics provider and defines thresholds for metrics that determine if a deployment update is successful for your application.

> |`Experiment controller` | The `Experiment` controller runs analysis on short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` custom resource. In addition, this controller is used to create these replica sets. Optionally, you can use it to create a service, run the analysis, report the results, and scale down the replica sets. The controller can also be integrated with `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field.

Author: Fixed.

|`Service` and `Ingress` controller |The Service controller manages the `Service` resources and the Ingress controller manages the `Ingress` resources modified by Argo Rollouts. These controllers inject additional metadata annotations in the application instances for traffic management.

> |Argo Rollouts CLI and UI |Argo Rollouts supports an `oc/kubectl` plugin called Argo Rollouts CLI . You can use it to interact with resources , such as rollouts, analyses, and experiments, from the command line. It can perform operations, such as `pause`, `promote`, or `retry`. The Argo Rollouts CLI plugin can start a local web UI dashboard in the browser to enhance the experience of visualizing the Argo Rollouts resources.

Author: Fixed.

|===

[id="gitops-argo-rollouts-resources_{context}"]
== Argo Rollouts resources

Argo Rollout components manage several resources to enable progressive delivery:

> * *Rollouts-operator resources*: For example, `Rollout`, `AnalysisRun`, or `Experiment`.

Author: Fixed.

* *Kubernetes resources*: For example, `Service`, `Ingress`, or `Route` for network traffic shaping.

These resources are essential for customizing the deployment of applications through the `Rollout` CR.

> Rollouts integrate with the Kubernetes cluster networking and routing resources, which are referred to as traffic management.

Author: Fixed.

Argo Rollouts support:

* Route percentage-based traffic for canary deployments 
* Forward incoming user traffic by Using `Service` and `Ingress` resources to the correct application version. Depending on the deployment strategy and the traffic management tool used by your application, you can configure Argo Rollouts to split incoming traffic in application instances with specific percentages.

> * Utilize of multiple mechanisms to collect analysis metrics in order to validate the deployment of a new version of an application.

Author: Yes, I like these suggestions to the list. I have fixed it as per your comments. Thanks.

.Argo Rollouts resources
[options="header"]
|===

> |Name | Description

Author: Fixed.

> |`Rollout` |The `Rollout` CR is managed by the Argo Rollouts controller. This CR enables the deployment of applications by using canary or blue-green deployment strategies. It replaces the in-built Kubernetes `Deployment` resource.

Author: Fixed.

> |`AnalysisRun` |The `AnalysisRun` CR is managed by the AnalysisRun controller. It is used to perform an analysis and aggregate the results of analysis to guide the user toward the successful deployment delivery of an application. The `AnalysisRun` CR is an instance of  the `AnalysisTemplate` CR.

Author: Fixed.

> Argo Rollouts supports two custom Kubernetes resources to perform Analysis - `AnalysisTemplate` and `AnalysisRun`. You can define an `AnalysisTemplate` on a specific Rollout or globally on a cluster to be shared by multiple rollouts as a Cluster`AnalysisTemplate`. The `AnalysisRun` resource is scoped on a specific rollout.

Author: Sorry about this, I have fixed the content now. Thanks.

|`AnalysisTemplate` |The `AnalysisTemplate` CR is a template file that provides instructions on how to query metrics. The result of these instructions is attached to a rollout in the form of the `AnalysisRun` CR. The `AnalysisTemplate` CR can be defined globally on the cluster or on a specific rollout. You can link a list of `AnalysisTemplate` to be used on replica sets by creating an `Experiment` custom resource.

> |`Experiment` | The `Experiment` CR is managed by the Experiment controller. It is used to run short-lived analysis on an application during its deployment to ensure the application is deployed correctly. The `Experiment` CR can be used independently or run as part of Rollouts.

Author: Fixed.

|`Service` and `Ingress` | Argo Rollouts natively support routing traffic by services and ingresses by using the Service and Ingress controllers.

> |`OpenShift Route resources` | Rollouts perform traffic splitting across different application versions using OpenShift Route resources.

Author: Fixed.

|`Route` and `VirtualService` |The OpenShift `Route` and {SMProductName} `VirtualService` resources are used to perform traffic splitting across different application versions.

> |`Prometheus metrics` | `AnalysisTemplate` is configured to connect to Prometheus instances, to evaluate the success or failure of one or more metrics.
> |`Kubernetes Job resource metrics` | Rollouts support the use of simple Kubernetes jobs to run analysis on resource metrics. You can verify a successful deployment of an application based on the successful execution of Kubernetes jobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove this part as explained in this comment: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/76798#discussion_r1633278339

Author: Fixed. Added these rows as bullet points in the introduction. Thanks.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="gitops-argo-rollouts-architecture-overview_{context}"]

> = Argo Rollouts Architecture Overview

Author: Fixed.

Argo Rollouts support is enabled on a cluster by installing the {gitops-title} Operator and configuring a RolloutManager custom resource (CR) instance. 

> The {gitops-title} Operator installs Argo Rollouts into a namespace that contains the RolloutManager custom resource. This step includes the installation of the Argo Rollouts controller and the resources required for handling Argo Rollouts, such as Custom Resources, Roles, RoleBindings, and Configuration data.

Author: Fixed.

> The {gitops-title} Operator installs Argo Rollouts into a namespace that contains the RolloutManager custom resource. This step includes the installation of the Argo Rollouts controller and the resources required for handling Argo Rollouts, such as Custom Resources, Roles, RoleBindings, and Configuration data.

Reviewer 2: @Dhruv-Soni11 Just to make the sugestion according to our guidelines, use:
> After a `RolloutManager` CR is created, the {gitops-title} Operator installs Argo Rollouts into that same namespace.`

The Argo Rollouts controller can be installed in either the namespace-scoped or the cluster-scoped mode. In the cluster-scoped mode, which is the default setting, the Rollout controller oversees resources throughout all namespaces within the cluster. In the namespaced-scoped mode, the Rollout controller monitors resources within the namespace where Rollouts is deployed.

> The architecture of Argo Rollouts is structured into resources and components in this overview. The components are used in managing the resources. For example, the `AnalysisRun` controller, which is used to perform analysis for an `AnalysisRun` resource, manages the `AnalysisRun` custom resource. Similarly, the Rollouts controller is used for managing the Rollouts custom resource and the Experiment controller handles the Experiment custom resource.

Author: The idea of an image is a good suggestion @eromanova97 but it was decided by @jgwest to not include it for this release as per our discussion. We can brainstorm about this and include an image for the next release as you know that their is a separate process involved for creating an architectural image.

> The architecture of Argo Rollouts is structured into resources and components in this overview. The components are used in managing the resources. For example, the `AnalysisRun` controller, which is used to perform analysis for an `AnalysisRun` resource, manages the `AnalysisRun` custom resource. Similarly, the Rollouts controller is used for managing the Rollouts custom resource and the Experiment controller handles the Experiment custom resource.

Reviewer 3: +1, let's look again at including an image after the current release. The image we originally had was not enough of a value add to include IMHO, but it should be possible to contruct one or more images that do capture the concepts here.

> [id="gitops-resources_{context}"]

Author: Fixed,

> == Resources

Author: Fixed.

> Argo Rollouts manages several custom resources (CRs), such as Rollout, AnalysisRun, and Experiment along with Kubernetes resources, such as Services, Ingresses, and Routes for network traffic shaping. These resources are essential for customizing the deployment of applications through the Rollout CR. Argo Rollouts is responsible for managing these custom resources to enable the progressive delivery of application resources.

Author: Fixed.

> Argo Rollouts manages several custom resources (CRs), such as Rollout, AnalysisRun, and Experiment along with Kubernetes resources, such as Services, Ingresses, and Routes for network traffic shaping. These resources are essential for customizing the deployment of applications through the Rollout CR. Argo Rollouts is responsible for managing these custom resources to enable the progressive delivery of application resources.

Reviewer 3: The dichotomy here of custom resources vs kubernetes resources here may be confusing, as:
- All custom resources are also kubernetes resources (kubernetes resources are a superset of custom resources)
- If what you mean by 'kubernetes resources' is 'built-in' kubernetes resources (such as Service, Ingress, etc), then Route would not be on that list, as Route is very much an OpenShift-specific custom resource

Perhaps this would be better:
```
* *Rollouts-contributed resources*: For example, `Rollout`, `AnalysisRun`, or `Experiment`.
* *Kubernetes networking resources*: For example, `Service`, `Ingress`, or `Route` for network traffic shaping. 
```

'Rollouts-contributed' being resources that are coming from/installed by, the Rollouts operator. Another better term might exist... 'Rollouts-operator resources'? Open to suggestions!

[options="header"]
|===

> |Name | Description

Author: Fixed.

> |`Rollouts` | The Rollouts resource is managed by the Rollout controller component of Argo Rollouts. This custom resource enables the deployment of applications using canary or blue-green deployment strategies and is a replacement for the in-built Kubernetes Deployment resource.

Author: Fixed.

|`AnalysisRun` | The AnalysisRun resource is managed by the `AnalysisRun` controller component of Argo Rollouts. Argo Rollouts provides support for two custom Kubernetes resources, `AnalysisTemplate` and `AnalysisRun` to facilitate analysis. `AnalysisTemplate` is a template file that provides instructions on how to query metrics.

> `AnalysisRun` is an instance of `AnalysisTemplate` that you can use to aggregate the results of analysis to guide you toward the successful deployment delivery of an application.

Author: Fixed.

> |`Experiments` | The `Experiments` resource is handled by the Experiment controller of the Argo Rollouts. The Experiments resource is used to run short, limited-duration analysis on an application that is in the process of being deployed, to ensure deployment correctness.

Author: Fixed.

|===

> Argo Rollouts also supports percentage-based traffic routing for canary-based deployments. Rollouts integrate with the Kubernetes cluster networking and routing resources, which are referred to as traffic management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Argo Rollouts also supports percentage-based traffic routing for canary deployments. Rollouts integrate with the Kubernetes cluster networking and routing resources, which are referred to as traffic management.
```

Author: Fixed.

[options="header"]
|===

> |Name | Description

Author: Fixed.

> |`Services / Ingresses` | Rollouts natively support routing traffic by Services and Ingresses, using the Service and Ingress controllers.

Author: Fixed.

> |`OpenShift Route resources` | Rollouts perform traffic splitting across different application versions using OpenShift Route resources.

Reviewer 3: Correct, Route is only available within OpenShift (with the built-in Kubernetes equivalent being Ingress).

I suggested [a change above](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/76798#discussion_r1630743499) in our use of the term 'kubernetes resources', which I presume will help resolve this, but let me know if not.

> |`OpenShift Service Mesh's VirtualService resources` | Rollouts also perform traffic splitting across different versions of an Application, using OpenShift Service Mesh with Gateways VirtualServices resources.

Author: Yes, we do use that attribute. Thanks.

|===

> Argo Rollouts include several mechanisms for gathering analysis metrics for verifying that a new version of an application is deployed.

Author: I have combined all the table rows in the Resources section into a single table. I have also included this sentence in the introduction.

[options="header"]
|===
|Name | Description
|`Prometheus metrics` | `AnalysisTemplate` is configured to connect to Prometheus instances, to evaluate the success or failure of one or more metrics.
|`Kubernetes Job resource metrics` | Rollouts support the use of simple Kubernetes jobs to run analysis on resource metrics. You can verify a successful deployment of an application based on the successful execution of Kubernetes jobs.
|===

> [id="gitops-components_{context}"]

Author: Fixed.

> [id="gitops-components_{context}"]

Author: Fixed.

> == Components

Author: Fixed.

> Argo Rollouts consists of several components that enable users to practice Progressive Delivery on OpenShift.

Author: Fixed.

> [options="header"]

Author: Fixed.

|===
|Name | Description

> |`Rollouts Controller` | The Rollouts Controller component of the Argo Rollouts manages the Rollouts custom resource which resembles a native Kubernetes Deployment resource. The Rollouts Controller does not modify the standard deployment resources and only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources.

Author: Fixed.

> |`Rollouts Controller` | The Rollouts Controller component of the Argo Rollouts manages the Rollouts custom resource which resembles a native Kubernetes Deployment resource. The Rollouts Controller does not modify the standard deployment resources and only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources.

Reviewer 3: Now that we have removed the 'resembles a Kubernetes Deployment resource' sentence, the second sentence is missing crucial context.

Recommend moving from
`The Rollouts Controller does not modify the standard deployment resources and only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources.`
to
`The Rollouts Controller is an alternative to the standard Deployment resource, and coexists alongside it: the Rollouts controller only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources.`

> |`Rollouts Controller` | The Rollouts Controller component of the Argo Rollouts manages the Rollouts custom resource which resembles a native Kubernetes Deployment resource. The Rollouts Controller does not modify the standard deployment resources and only responds to changes in the Rollouts resources.

Author: Fixed.

> |AnalysisRun` `Controller` | The `AnalysisRun` controller performs analysis for an `AnalysisRun` resource and manages the `AnalysisRun` custom resource. It provides the capability to connect a Rollout to your metrics provider and define specific thresholds for certain metrics that decide if a deployment update is successful for your application.

Reviewer 3: Think this should be 
```
AnalysisRun` `Controller`
```
to
```
`AnalysisRun Controller`
```

Author: Fixed.

> |`AnalysisRun Controller` | The `AnalysisRun` controller performs analysis for an `AnalysisRun` resource and manages the `AnalysisRun` custom resource. It provides the capability to connect a Rollout to your metrics provider and define specific thresholds for certain metrics that decide if a deployment update is successful for your application.

Author: Fixed.

Argo Rollouts supports two custom Kubernetes resources to perform Analysis - `AnalysisTemplate` and `AnalysisRun`. You can define an `AnalysisTemplate` on a specific Rollout or globally on a cluster to be shared by multiple rollouts as a Cluster`AnalysisTemplate`. The `AnalysisRun` resource is scoped on a specific rollout.

> |`Experiment Controller` | The `Experiment` Controller creates analysis for limited-duration, short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` custom resource. The `Experiment` custom resource can be used independently or executed as part of Rollouts. You can link a list of `AnalysisTemplate` to be used on replica sets by creating an `Experiment` custom resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Experiment controller |The Experiment controller creates analysis for short-lived replica sets, and manages the `Experiment` CR. 
```

I have some questions/suggestions regarding this one:

1) " limited-duration, short-lived" : Do  these mean the same thing? Or is there some significant difference?

2) The sentence: " The `Experiment` CR can be used independently or executed as part of Rollouts."

     This would make more sense to include in the  `Experiment` CR entry in the table resource.
Just add it with this small change: "The `Experiment` CR can be used independently or run as part of rollouts."

3)  For the `Experiment` CR you mentioned this: 
    * "The Experiments resource is used to run short, limited-duration analysis on an application" 

    And in this section it is mentioned this: 
    * "The `Experiment` Controller creates analysis for limited-duration, short-lived replica sets"

    So now I am confused, are the analyses short and time-limited, or are the replica sets, for which the analyses are made, short and time-limited? Or is both true? 

    Also, based on this, does this mean that the controller creates analysis for replica sets, while the CR creates it for applications (not sure what the difference here might be as I suppose the replica set here means a version of the application)? (Or is it possibly that the controller creates analyses while the CR is used to actually run them?) This is not clear to me based on these descriptions.

4) The sentence: "You can link `AnalysisTemplate` CRs to be used on replica sets by creating an `Experiment` custom resource."
This would make more sence to include in the description of the suggested `AnalysisTemplate` row.

Author: @jgwest - FYI.

Reviewer 3: >  " limited-duration, short-lived" : Do these mean the same thing? Or is there some significant difference?

They mean the same thing , not sure why I included both :grin:

> So now I am confused, are the analyses short and time-limited, or are the replica sets, for which the analyses are made, short and time-limited? Or is both true?

Both are true:
- The analysis is run for a short period of time
- The analysis is run on the replicas sets, which likewise exist for a short period of time

The lifecycle of the experiment, the analysis, and the replicasets, are equal:
- when the experiment starts, the replicasets are created.
- once the experiment ends, the analysis is complete, and the replicaset is deleted.

> Also, based on this, does this mean that the controller creates analysis for replica sets, while the CR creates it for applications (not sure what the difference here might be as I suppose the replica set here means a version of the application)? (Or is it possibly that the controller creates analyses while the CR is used to actually run them?) This is not clear to me based on these descriptions.

In this case, the Rollouts controller only creates ReplicaSets (there is no concept of application is Rollouts, except as a general concept to refer to whatever the user is deploying). 

When an Experiment CR is created, the Experiment controller:
1) Creates 1 or more replicasets based on the contents of the CR.
2) Runs an analysis on those replicasets
3) Once the analysis completes:
    -  the .status of the Experiment is updated with the result
    - the replicasetes are deleted.

Reviewer 2: Amazing, thank you @jgwest for the explanation! 

@Dhruv-Soni11 feel free to add the last change recommeded by SME here :+1:  
I will have some additonal sugestions regarding this later. (Depending on the time constraint here, we can spply the additional suggestions, or add them together with the enhancement Jira you mentioned that would come after the release.)

Author: Fixed.

> In addition, this controller is used for creating replica sets. You can use it for optionally creating the service, running the analysis, reporting the results, and scaling down the replica sets in the end. The `Experiment` controller can also be integrated with Rollouts by specifying the experiment step in the canary deployment strategy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, this controller is used to create these replica sets. Optionally, you can use it to create a service, run the analysis, report the results, and scale down the replica sets. The controller can also be integrated with `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment ` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field .
```
1) The sentence: "You can use it for optionally creating the service, running the analysis,..."
Isn't the whole point to run an analysis here?  Why is it marked as optional? This is all a little confusing to me.

2) I suggested the following: "The controller can also be integrated with the `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment ` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field ."  I think this is clearer to understand, but I just want to check if my perceived meaning is correct :+1:

Author: Fixed.

Author: @jgwest - FYI

Reviewer 3: For the second paragraph, I recommend we just remove the first/second sentence and move up the remaining sentence to the paragraph above.
e.g.:
~In addition, this controller is used to create these replica sets. Optionally, you can use it to create a service, run the analysis, report the results, and scale down the replica sets.~ The controller can also be integrated with `Rollout` resource by specifying the `experiment ` step in the canary deployment `strategy` field .

I don't think the first sentence of the second paragraph includes any content that is needed.

> |`Service and Ingress Controller` | The `Service` controller handles the `Service` resources and the `Ingress` controller manages the `Ingress` resources modified by Argo Rollouts. These controllers inject additional metadata annotations in the application instances for traffic management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`Service` and `Ingress` controller |The Service controller manages the `Service` resources and the Ingress controller manages the `Ingress` resources modified by Argo Rollouts. These controllers inject additional metadata annotations in the application instances for traffic management.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Argo Rollouts supports the standard Kubernetes Service and Ingress resources for forwarding the incoming user traffic to the correct version of an application. Depending on the deployment strategy and the traffic management tool used by your application, you can configure Argo Rollouts to split incoming traffic in application instances with specific percentages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Argo Rollouts supports the standard Kubernetes `Service` and `Ingress` resources to forward the incoming user traffic to the correct application version. Depending on the deployment strategy and the traffic management tool used by your application, you can configure Argo Rollouts to split incoming traffic in application instances with specific percentages.
```

1) This information does not make much sense to me to incude here. I would include it as part of the introduction, when you first talk about Kubernetes resources. 

2) Also, do we want to refer to these as Kubernetes resources in general? I am just thinking, isn't this kind of given since we are talking about OpenShift that is based on Kubernetes? I do not recall ever specifying that these are Kubernetes-based. I think including those just as "resources" should be clear enough.

Author: Fixed.

> |`UI and CLI` | Argo Rollouts supports an `oc/kubectl` plugin to interact with resources like Rollouts, Analysis, and Experiments from the command line. It can perform operations like pause, promote, retry, on the Rollout resource. The Argo Rollouts CLI plugin can start a local web UI dashboard in the browser to enhance the experience of visualizing the Rollouts resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Argo Rollouts CLI and UI |Argo Rollouts supports an `oc/kubectl` plugin called Argo Rollouts CLI . You can use it to interact with resources , such as rollouts, analyses, and experiments, from the command line. It can perform operations, such as `pause`, `promote`, or `retry`. The Argo Rollouts CLI plugin can start a local web UI dashboard in the browser to enhance the experience of visualizing the Argo Rollouts resources.
```
I had the similar question in the Argo CLI PR: should we refer to it as `oc/kubectl` plugin downstream?

Author: Fixed.

Author: @jgwest - FYI

Reviewer 3: It is a plugin for the `oc` and `kubectl` CLIs, using the standard plugin mechanism of those CLIs (`oc` is based on `kubectl`). It integrates into the existing `oc` / `kubectl` CLI, allowing you to run Rollout commands just by calling `oc` or `kubectl`. Not sure what you all want to refer to it as, but this is its function.

Reviewer 2: Great, thank you @jgwest for an explanation. I was not sure if the CLI would run `kubectl` commands or just `oc`. If it is capable of running both, then it should be okay to have it called a `oc/kubectl`  plugin in our docs :+1:

Author: Keeping it as kubetcl / oc CLI plugin

> |===

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|===

```
Add one additional blank space to ensure the build will generate correctly.

Author: Fixed.
